When a major fiat currency collapses they will have to come up with a new rate against  for the new currency, so who does it?
lol a man lost 4mil worth of bitcoins
[nilssonanders] All bitcoin private keys leaked ;) 
If somehow this bitcoin thing doesn't implode soon, then Im forced to assume the worst. Anii, Morons &amp; Buggerers have truly taken over. 
..let's go back to silver and gold!
"When he awakes, he will see my "666" next to his 96,000 stolen, freshly-laundered   
Whoops! This man threw out a computer hard drive containing more than $9 million in bitcoin. 
Pity poor James Howells of Newport, who's been searching landfill for his old HD, containing £4m in bitcoins! 
I don't want bitcoins, I want Amazon bucks, Paypal Dinars for my Cyber Monday spree.  Seriously, when will we see such ideas to become true?
Silk Road Competitor Shuts Down And Another Plans To Go Offline After Claimed $6 Million Theft  
 YourFreeProxy installs a bitcoin miner without telling you  KitGuru: If following the s...  
Dark marketplace closes after theft of £3m in bitcoins
As much as I love anonymous internet activities, being able to extort bitcoin ransoms without trace is a horrible thing.
Me watching the monitor when people cash out, out of panic.  
Report: Millions in bitcoin lost after online black market “robbery” 
Sent ~6.5k US to  Czech account on 19 Nov, and have not heard anything. Should I worry?  
The  heist taking place right now is on a par with physical thefts like the 2008 Harry Winston diamond caper. 
 is taking one pair of handcuffs off and putting on another, though obviously it is a slightly less brutal prison than the paper one
You cannot trace fiat currency, but I can tell you where every  has been since the network started.  So much for 
Money laundering $60m of stolen  in real time. That's fascinating to watch.
How to chase a 96,000 bitcoin thief through the blockchain in real-time.
reading about this bitcoin heist shit makes me the weirdest combination of angry and aroused
whats this about bitcoin theft
The bitcoin market is struggling with illiquidity as prices and demand rise sharply  - maybe a 1000 for 1 split
CLAIM: Bitcoin Is Basically For Criminals:  via  (Business Insider).  
Is the map of where you can spend bitcoins just a world wide map of drug and gun dealers?
 Hackers arrested over €700k fake bitcoins - Irish Independent: Irish I...   
Lost Phone! Help! I have my .aes.json file..how do I use this ?  
5 cryptocurrency alternatives to bitcoin: 
Why would anyone use Bitcoin when PayPal or Visa work perfectly well?  I take a stab at answering. 
Salaries are very depressing when thought of in bitcoin.
I will never understand the concept of bitcoin 😑
Mining bitcoins damn to hard nowadays
why is coinbase so slow. Need my bombass bitcoins.
RPI and Bitburner X detection trouble  
 China central bank warns banks against use of bitcoin: BEIJING (Reuters) - China's central bank ...  
China central bank warns banks against use of bitcoin: BEIJING (Reuters) - China's central bank warned on Thur... 
China central bank warns banks against use of bitcoin  
China warns banks to avoid bitcoins  - 
China bars banks from bitcoin transactions 
China bars banks from handling bitcoins 
China bars banks from bitcoin transactions - SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China's government banned financial institutions... 
China anti-bitcoin ruling will shake believers 
☞ China feeds bitcoin frenzy – CNN International 
Why did bitcoin drop 10% in  today?  
French central bank warns against using bitcoin -  
Disallowing Bitcoin in China... What are your thoughts?
Shaking the Bitcoin Believers: China's regulatory assault undermines the narrative that bitcoin is in the vang... 
 bars banks from  transactions  
tip of the day  stay away from bitcoin  All I can think to say is WOW!
China Bans Bitcoin Trading By Banks  » News » OPB
Is bitcoin the new narco- dollar?
   China warns on bitcoin speculation: China is banning its banks from dealing ...   
Sorry, speculators -  bars banks from using        
Is that the sound of the Bitcoin Bubble popping? - VentureBeat  
It's time to get rid of bitcoins. Man, it's falling so bad 
Gentlemen, it's been an honor  
I am all for overhauling our monetary system entirely, but  value tumbling has me giggling today. I am a jerk on many levels.
Dive Dive Dive “ The average price of bitcoin on all exchanges is now 880.89 USD”
Bitcoin price plunges on Baidu payment ban - MarketWatch
“ The price of bitcoin on  is now 571.33 USD” damn it's dropping. might invest soon.
Wheee, look at bitcoin drop!
  again for the third time. Next time we'll do something nice I swear.
46% crash in value? Nice.  
  Chinese investment banker says what nobody in the USA could seem to...  - 
Hacker group in Germany detained by police for creating bitcoin mining 'botnet', mines €700,000 worth of bitcoins 
Bitcoin News: The bitcoin crash of 2013: Don't you feel silly now? 
My Bitcoin Bummer -- World's Virtual Currency Plummets in Price (Again): 
Bitcoin: A means to an end.  
 is far from an anonymous currency if it succeeds it will be taxed and tracked
Baidu and China Telecom Stop Accepting Bitcoin, Price Slumps Again!   
Today is the first time I've seen Mt Gox'  of Bitcoin lower than Bitstamp's,  or   
Bitcoin Prices Plunge After China Cracks Down on Currency - The price of bitcoin surged to $1,000 last month, but ... 
Just for fun, lets list some jobs that would be lost/ consequences of a mainstream   
Bad news: Krusty is broke. Worst luck in the Bitcoin market.  
Bitcoin is Crashing again  
Our MD predicted 9 mos ago here that bankers wld "invent  [derivatives] 2 fraudulently manipulate valuations" 
Blog: Chinese vendors stop taking bitcoins as a result of new regulations 
Chinese vendors stop taking bitcoins as a result of new regulations: Chinese vendors that previously accepted ... 
Chinese vendors stop taking bitcoins as a result of new regulations - PCWorld 
China forbids its banks to stop using bitcoin.  If the US or EU does the same, it could be game over for the cryptocurrency.
"If you store your bitcoins in one of the exchanges it's highly insecure and you should panic." 
  Dear Apple, your hostility to bitcoin is making me abandon my Iphone....  - 
The bitcoin crash of 2013: Don't you feel silly now? 
 is anonymous for now but that is going away
Apple asks Gliph to remove the ability to send bitcoin despite allowing other ecommerce including PayPal and Square 
Interesting story on Apple blocking bitcoin, 
This is sad news RT  Apple blocks bitcoin payments on secure messaging app Gliph 
Is anyone else receiving  threats only payable by  This just forwarded from a friend: 
If this article by  doesn’t convince you that bitcoin will end in ruin, the pro-bitcoin comments will. 
This finance expert thinks Bitcoin will fall 99 percent by June  
Don't do drugs.  Pay taxes.  Don't use bitcoin.
Just looked at  today, looks like another crash is inevitable soon ... volume fizzle 
 JP Morgan Aims to DOMINATE BitCoin  InvestmentWatch: Description: JPMorgan files patent...  
 Cyber experts unearth massive bitcoin scam: 
European Banking Authority: Bitcoin might not be your friend: The European Banking Authority (EBA) is...  
. - what I learned from the ONE  meetup I could stomach: very few knew WHAT number theory was. Not a good sign.
Column: The Digital Shell Game- Bitcoin’s digital deception    
  US Treasury Cautions Bitcoin 'Money Transmitters' on Legal Compliance -...  - 
Bitcoin price halves, China clampdown: The price of bitcoin has plummeted by 50 percent after reports that Chi... 
Hope you guys sold off your bitcoins at their peak.
Central banking with Chinese characters RT  China’s central bank hacked; bitcoin traders may be to blame 
A Chinese  exchange platform announced on Wednesday that it had stopped taking Chinese yuan deposits,... 
I have no trusted Bit FBI is global stakeholder in cryptocurrency, currently owns largest bitcoin wallet — RT USA: 
New  China Weibo Post! 11:30 PM EST. Panic Incoming!!  
Feds stole my $33M bitcoins booty: Silk Road 'pirate' 
RBI cautions against use of bitcoins.
"RBI warning leads some Indian bitcoin websites to suspend operation" 
Central bank warning leads many Indian bitcoin websites to close 
im not an expert on  but any venture that builds wealth is worth investing time to get to learn
