The Bitcoin News : Advertise with us!   
Heard about bitcoin but not sure what it actually is / how it works?  All explained here - and in a funny accent too! 
Today's Strange Bitcoin Idea, The Gold Backed Bitcoin - Forbes  
I'm too late for this train ? :)  
[Serious] Where do you see bitcoin a year from now. (x-post-r/bitcoinmarkets)  
How big will the BIG BTC be today? 
Can't tell a bitcoin from a blockchain? Read our explainer to see how the cryptocurrency works. 
Anyone know anything about how to start mining bitcoins?
I'm wondering if it's still a good idea to invest in some 
wat.  RT  My next record available in bitcoin n delivered in a drone.
how do i introduce bitcoins into the bedroom?
To bitcoin or not to bitcoin. 
Diceware vs.  generated key?  
npWndrng  f  what's going to tank first, bitcoin or the stock market.
Inside a Bitcoin Mining Operation in Hong Kong  
Good inspiration :D RT  My next record available in bitcoin n delivered in a drone.
How is the value of bitcoin calculated, What are the consequences for trading using bitcoin at macro ...  
Helpful MT  Are you still not clear on what  is? Our bitcoin survival guide will answer your questions 
Prescient:  "Amazon drones would be perfect for delivering the tulip bulbs I buy with my bitcoin." Only need a launch party
I bought a bunch of 2009 Bitcoins the actual coin. How can i cash the coin in?  
ELI5 how to read the charts on   
   An Exploration of Intrinsic Value: What It Is, Why Bitcoin Doesn’t Have ...    
ZZ Top - Tush/Sharp Dressed Man cover  for our new album 18sZBdqviTAZoMozU86DVgooyp1HBsctkq   
Can someone please explain this bitcoin thing in full please? I seem to be missing on something huge.
forbes misspelt bitcoin okay
  Ashton Kutcher about Bitcoin  - 
Hey you humor, ty for sharing! RT   News:  Simplified The Cornish Way (Great  
Bitcoin: current US regulatory developments  
Questions about bitcoin wallets   
My interview on  now on    
 Please your exclusive invite here: 
Intresting sesion about   
Hi guys, my names Dave and I've got a concept for a new  funded charity, looking for some guidance  
Newly Generated Coins. Where do they come from?  
a *must-read* on bitcoin, this response to Peter Schiff from  
unless I'm bad at maths mining bitcoins is actually quite lucrative?!
Bitcoin vs. Fiat  
Just created a bitcoin wallet on Coinbase - who else owns some bitcoin? 
16x9 on Global "FULL STORY: Bitcoin"  
Are Bitcoins Secure? - InternetNews.
Nine   for future     
We are switching to m so we need to agree on how we will pronounce it. Here is my proposal.  
What's up with witcoins? How do we get some? Can you mine them? How do we get in?  
Anytime someone mentions litecoin in a post or article that mentions Bitcoin...  
is this site fair?  
 to USD/EUR difference?  
How many bitcoins would you pay for the chance to meet Satoshi in person?  
How do i move my bitcoins from coinbase to another public address?   
Is there a sites/service that allows you to buy bitcoins like an investment?  
At least the  price isn't breaking new highs to distract me. 
$QQQ - Babbling about bitcoin bubbles -&gt;    
New post: I’m in high school. One factor that will most certainly determine if bitcoin is a long term su 
Druckenmiller on point, doesn’t mention  or   even once ;)
Bitcoin 101 - How to Make a Digital Currency      
I know a lot about bitcoins and they seem kinda silly! Thank you, Wikipedia!
Ugh, forgot my coffee. If you come get my key, fetch my coffee, &amp; not steal anything, I'll give you all my bitcoins. (I have 0 bitcoins.)
Citi Just Entered The Intensifying Wall Street Debate Surrounding Bitcoin - Business Insider  
you can fool all of the people some of the time and some of the people all of the time 
How will the Game Of Life and Money evolve in the future?  
China’s ban on bitcoin doesn’t make a difference—it was banned already -  
How Many Tulips Can You Buy With One Bitcoin? - The Atlantic  
Sober and Clear Take on the China Bitcoin Announcement from    
Woke up this morning and saw an email that one of my limit orders at $902 CAD was fulfilled. 1st thought: "neat!" 2nd: "why?" 
Any smart VCs in  interesting in meeting up this weekend? Hit me up.   
What the hell is a bitcoin?
A Better Translation Of People’s Bank Of China’s First Official Statement On Bitcoin  
How I make money mining bitcoins 
Hopefully bitcoin lowers a lil so I can cash out before it skyrockets again
Who Is The Real Satoshi Nakamoto? One Researcher May Have Found The Answer
Don't know what a bitcoin is?  Don't worry that is what we are for!  Click our video now! 
Clear resistance around the $1200 mark, even before China's tactics. $800 -$900 displays support. Will  see a bounce?
Just when you think you have a feel on  it reminds you it's the honey badger and... 
So... husband gave me a  to go shopping with. Should I cash out now or hold onto for a minute?
Bitcoin is tied to the price of gold by someone with enough bitcoins to change the market with such precision so that it NEVER exceeds gold.
If  isn't linked to any government with law enforcement powers, is stealing it really a crime? 
 Can their customers make deposits and withdrawals ?  
  Do you buy  ? How much do you have? Do you know how to use it? Ask on  
China's bitcoin boom and bust  
programs are now 'apps', money is now 'bitcoin' , they just keep renaming shit
China's bitcoin boom and bust 
Wow, now let's see bitcoin's reaction...Swiss parliamentary postulate: Bitcoin is a currency 
"What the heck is a bitcoin? One more attempt at explaining the ..." 
3 reasons bitcoins aren't in your wallet yet 
3 reasons bitcoins aren't in your wallet yet - PCWorld  
bit coin security/tumbling  
How Does Apple Really Feel About Bitcoin? - TechCrunch  
The Mises View: "Bitcoin and Central Banking"  Peter G. Klein  
How long would it take to break even with a $100 graphics card?  
927 People Own Half Of All Bitcoins - Business Insider  
A fraction of a bitcoin can make a huge difference this Christmas for sick kids and the homeless 

Help! I'm trapped in the Bitcoin network!  
Mmm... 927 People Own Half Of All Bitcoins  
  Do you buy  ? How much do you have? Do you know how to use it? Ask on  
The future of bitcoin. 
Still waiting for  mood swing to settle. Did everyone have a good  trading week?
An up-to-date list of the best free bitcoin sites, and ways to  bitcoin 
   is out!  Stories via  
I used my CNC machine to mill out an aluminum bitcoin vanity address keychain for my dad's Chri...  
Bitcoin News: JPMorgan in bid for own bitcoin? 
First wise article I read on  for weeks. forget currency, think about payment system 
Bobby Lee clarifies China's position on   

 Gary North's Latest Comment on Bitcoin  
Longs and shorts: evaluating financial advisors, bitcoins and ETFs (  )
  Amid a turbulent week, a peek inside the world's busiest Bitcoin...  - 
I don't really get the hype around the  Las Vegas offeres much better bets.
Beginner's guide to bitcoin - CoinDesk's Information Center 
