This has been a noticeable trend, lately.  
Nice to see  price go down.
  New Post - Nakamoto the inventor of Bitcoin becomes its first billionaire - 
Bitcoin news: Using Bitcoin With Quickbooks- Part 1:  Recording Sales and Accepting Payments   
..well explained!
..or the newly created bitcoin... :) 
Bitcoin is winning  
BitPay drives explosive growth in  commerce, up 6260%  
“ caught a fan holding up a request for bitcoins, the internet responded with $20,000  
Now if only I could hook up  to a bitcoin address… then I wouldn't have to wait days for transfers...
Yahoo Finance: "Student makes $24,000 by waving sign on TV"  
I’m a bitcoin miner now
Donating  makes a ton of sense from a tax standpoint. Those who were smart enough to make early bets should consider this.
Here's What Bitcoin Gets Right - There are all kinds of reasons to think that , and that the value of the bitcoins... 
my god, i think that was the most amazing bitcoin tweet i've ever seen
You can now use  to order retro video games online. Visit    
UK Royal Mint mulls issuing gold-backed physical bitcoins  via 
Just created a bitcoin wallet on Coinbase - who else owns some bitcoin? 
New tumblr post: "New tumblr post: "New tumblr post: "I'm doing my holiday shopping with Bitcoin this year!  ...
Federal Reserve economist says bitcoin is a remarkable technical achievement -  A member of the... 
Dutch Central Bank DNB states that virtual currency ( and trading exchanges are outside regulatory control 
Being able to pay  with bitcoin is just fantastic! Thanks to the team for making this payment option available.
Wikipedia should accept Bitcoins  
Now you can rent your Jet Skis with Bitcoin in Belize.  
Support Linux OpenGL driver development by bitcoin mining.  
Who's heard of Bitcoin? And how the heck does it work?apparently this code means something...
It is official. There is a bitcoin bubble. Got this catalog in the mail  
i asked my mom for a bitcoin for x-mas. 
Had a really good chat to  this morning, i like what they are doing  
 India Wakes Up to Bitcoin 
The Amount Of Computing Power Dedicated To Mining Bitcoin Has Gone ... - Business Insider  
How the price of a bitcoin went from $34.26 on March 1st, to $206 on Nov 1st, to $1,094 today. What a flip.
It may destroy the US dollar, but  has doubled my salary thus far (cc:  : 
Well it's my 29th Birthday today and all I really want is a 
Check out the date on this Peter Schiff bitcoin discussion.   $BTC up 10,000% since... 
This site is giving out free bitcoins!  
 enthusiast
   Lamborghini Newport Beach now accepting Bitcoin payments for vehicles....   
HUGH HENDRY: Bitcoin Could Go To $1 Million And I Wish I Could Own It - Business Insider  
Woah  now accepts bitcoins!
Will work for  No seriously, need some front end dev work - pay me in BTC and I'll do some web work for you!
Need Personal Assistant  
A student just asked if we would accept bitcoin for payment. 
Many report sensing a 'shift' in the media's tone regarding  in recent days. 2014 is looking like it'll be the year of the Bitcoin!
bitcoin companies use app to build a stronger twitter following 
Are bitcoins the future of money? Its a wild concept, but they're gaining steam. Find out everything you need to know 
 is now valued more than $1k. 👍
What is everyone's view on  ? Surely it is time to sell at least some of it. How long before fear takes over from greed? 
See who accepts bitcoins in your neck of the woods!  Sadly, no one in Branson
JPMorgan on  "Can become major means of payment for e-commerce and
may emerge as serious competitor to traditional money transfer."
WOAH.  says you can buy cars with  now too. How to Buy a  with Bitcoins —  
The retired head of the Dutch central bank has commented that  is indeed a bubble, just like tulipmania,... 
1 out of 3 aint bad. RT  Central banker who missed the biggest stock and housing bubbles gets panties in twist over bitcoin.
Good idea RT   the question is what's next? Virtual currency accepted by stores?  type of thing? 
I'm in Buenos Aires. Got a bit of rest and now ready to meet the local bitcoin community!
I've never even been able to make my  work, what's it matter that I can use a bitcoin to buy games for it!
So, while we weren't watching, what was it that caused  to increase 6 x times in price from Nov.1 to Dec.1?
Name another active currency with a strength of consumer confidence that even approaches  
How to bet against the bitcoin megabubble: One reason the virtual currency has been soaring could that...  
How to bet against the bitcoin megabubble 
Oh boy, Bitcoin AND Tesla? SEO gold. $TSLA Model S bought with bitcoins in Newport Beach 
That would be an interesting milestone! RT  I am looking forward to the first acqui-hire paid for with bitcoin...
How Millennials Are Making Purchases:  From credit to debit to cash to bitcoins, Millennials aren't shy about ... 
Great  stuffers and conversation starters. Bitcoin Chocolates!  
 - Bitcoin  for transactions and secure storage. Also great for    
wow, there is a lot more confidence in bitcoin now than a few months ago. Each drop is eaten by bargain hunters...but how long?
This whole bitcoin phenomenon is passing me by. You can now buy BBQ with the virtual currency, among other items. 
Mastercoin Foundation Lets Virtual Currencies Use Bitcoin Protocol: The Mastercoin Foundation announc...  
The Five Biggest Asset Bubbles in History: Between the stock market, bitcoin,  and tech IPOs, today everyone s... 
The price risk is no longer justified. Chinese companies back off BTC:  
yesssss MDE on bitcoins 
Good day for bitcoin.  founder named Time 30 Under 30 and and Tesla purchase.
Should really start that bitcoin mine
 pullback seems to be over. Made some small buys last night and this morning. 
A quick note on how deep bitcoin has penetrated china.  
Involved with bitcoins up and down yesterday. Make a profit of 70 peercoins!
reading about bitcoins and boy am i getting all horned up.
Some guy bought a car with bitcoins? LMAO!
Galt’s Gulch Chile Announces Partnership With Bitcoinschile  / December 7  
This London Street Food Stall Will Sell You An Artisan Burger For Bitcoin  
NovaWhite store now accepting Bitcoin for whitening products  
Seriously have you seen the exchange rate? A grand per  boom! What about John Woo, the star analyst from... 
 Boom Spreads to iPhones With Mobile-Payment       
Cashing in on the bitcoin boom - Los Angeles Times 
Is ‘virtual’ the new reality?  / December 8, 2013 Tumkur (Karnataka)-  
Speakers on The Future of Bitcoin panel recommend investing at least 5% of your net worth in bitcoins. What is the risk, tho? 
Tesla bought with  is complete BS interview with dealer. 
In the next six months you will be able to buy a loaf of bread with  Says Greg Kidd of RippleLabs 
Come here if you are looking for merchants that accept Bitcoin  
I am going to start a business collecting rare and mint condition bitcoins.
Snoop Dogg said that his next album will be available to buy in  We should hold him to that.
Cashing in on the bitcoin boom 
Bitrated: You Can No Longer Say Bitcoin Has No Consumer Protection  
Manchester’s Pressat becomes first PR company to accept bitcoins - Prolific North 
If you don’t think big players covertly into  then you’re a fool. If  pays off like it could then a small investment is huge
There’s a real market for US based ASIC mining resellers that know what customer service is.
 investors are very bullish on  startups in 2014. Should help the whole ecosystem grow.
  for the next month i will only be using bitcoin  - 
BA Strategist Initiates Bitcoin Fair Value   
China bitcoin arbitrage ends as punters work around capital controls - Reuters: New York TimesChina bitcoin ar... 
BA Strategist Initiates Bitcoin Fair Value   
China bitcoin arbitrage ends as punters work around capital controls  
Sweden's second largest online pizza delivery starts accepting Bitcoin!  
China bitcoin arbitrage ends as traders work around capital controls: SHANGHAI (Reuters) - The price gap betwe... 
So you're a DJ and you're thinking about accepting bitcoin?  - We've met hundreds of DJs and... 
New trend? You can buy  in  with   via 
JPMorgan files patent for 'bitcoin killer' currency 
Satoshi Nakamato submits paper for digital payment system that could rival Banking  
Love it or hate it, bitcoins are a national craze: Love it or hate it, bitcoins are a national craze. Consumer... 
PayPal boss backs bitcoin, but not as a currency  via 
Swiss Lawmakers Propose Treating Bitcoin as Foreign Currency   
BitPay Exceeds $100,000,000 in Bitcoin Merchant Transactions  
Power Up Your Donation, Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) Accepts Bitcoin!  
Bitcoin Now More Popular Than Obamacare  
Trace Mayer giving incontrovertible reasons for  freedom!  
DivvyDown Wants to Help New Yorkers Use Bitcoin to Order from Liquor Stores  
 talking about how bitcoin is a great tool for small businesses
Fidelity now allows clients to put bitcoins in IRAs 
News Update: Miners spend $17 million a day for a shot at $4.4 million of bitcoin  Quartz 
Michael Bombace and John Bates talk about mainstream bitcoin acceptance  
The banking industry starts closing in on bitcoins:  
Fidelity now allows clients to put bitcoins in IRAs 
Fidelity now allows clients to put bitcoins in IRAs - Damn! 
Great last panel   best opportunity right now for  is with remittances, totally agree. 
 media is great for public awareness, but they have not done justice by communicating the social benefits of bitcoin
Fidelity halts bitcoin investments from IRAs 
Vegas developer selling $9.8m mansion for bitcoin - Straits Times 
If digital currencies are here to stay ( then  will win; first mover advantage + protocol can be changed!
Some  online marketing sites accepting  it be the future currency.idk.
21st century labeled the Bitcoin Age in honor of Fed's 100th anniversary  
Want to buy some bitcoin mining rigs? Cash (or bitcoin) accepted:   
2014 WILL BE the year of the Bitcoin , and you can mark my words on that !!!!   
